9 a.m. in Shanghai Shenzhen and here in
Hong Kongo you're watching the China
show. I'm Ivon man with David and Glass.
[music]
>> We are counting down to the opening
markets in greater China. Our top
stories today stocks across the Asia
[music] Pacific trading cautiously very
tid on Wall Street. Investors are
holding off [music] on big bets ahead of
the Fed decision.
>> China's inflation numbers due this hour
could show deflationary pressures easing
slightly. Officials, meanwhile,
signaling concerns [music] about global
trade as they prepare next year's
economic plan.
>> And China Vanca is set to meet with bond
holders today to [music] discuss a
payment delay as investors prepare for a
worsening debt crisis.
[music]
Good morning. Welcome to the program.
Looking at markets, there's really not a
lot to say given the price action on
display, but we'll do it anyway. As they
say, uh we're up about a tenth of 1%,
we're on hold ahead of the Fed decision.
It's not so much what they do. Largely
expected to cut interest rates. You look
at pricing. We'll get to that in a
moment. Certainly the uh the the
narrative is we'll have to wait uh a lot
more uh a lot longer before they deliver
on another one beyond today. Uh the big
story though across these markets if you
had to pick one uh is in the commodity
space specifically precious metals with
silver on your screens topping 60 and
then some more going into today. A
further 1% gains there. Ironors keep
seeing a bit of a bounce following
pressure in recent weeks. Copper is flat
after the mild should we call correction
following record highs. Brent crude
bottom of your screens. A50 futures
coming online and the declines in focus
given the yesterday price action. Hansen
tech has remained very much in range. It
closed near the low end of that range.
There's a technical level to watch going
into today. And of course on your screen
too is copper following the recent
declines. very big drop in copper names
uh in the greater Chinese market on
Monday and so we'll see what happens of
course as a broader cohort today as
well. Yeah, summarize. Nothing's
happening until the Fed
>> mentions something, right? But I think
the the rate cut is all but priced in,
but you know, really that's the least
important thing really in this meeting,
right? It's all going to be about the
signals whether they can continue on
with this rate cutting cycle when you
have the rest of the world basically
saying we're done with our easing phases
here so far. And then you have to talk
about, you know, or they going to be
just hitting the pause button when it
comes to rate cuts moving forward,
right? You talk about the pricing,
right? December is pretty much all but
guaranteed but next year is still pretty
much up in question. So I think the dot
plots be very interesting this time
around.
>> It it it will be right. So I think on
the dovish side we had city yesterday
and you know their doubbish call is a
cut today a cut this week rather January
and then March. you look at where market
pricing is the one after this one is not
until uh let's call it the you know the
back half of the first half of next year
right hence the extremely rangebound
session we're seeing in the treasuries
market today uh not to mention of course
the RBA yesterday to the point you're
making right that it does seem most of
these central banks with the exception
of the BOJ they're probably at the back
end if not done with their easing side
>> yeah I think RBA you've had the ECB and
some some you know officials there
talking about they're comfortable with
the next move actually being higher
right
>> for the ECB. So at this moment, are we
dealing with more rate convergence or
actually divergence next year? Seems
like it's more about the former, but
there's Yeah, I think you mentioned
right the next cut could be June of next
year, but they're only talking about two
that's been priced in currently
according to money markets for next
year. Then that's a lot of recalibration
already and retreat from what we've been
seeing from maybe a few months ago,
>> right? One and two is almost, you know,
the the margin of error. There's you
could almost call it nothing, right, on
one side. You could also get four cuts
obviously on the other side of that. Now
we mentioned Japan of course which is
dancing to its own tune. Separately you
do have of course the China conversation
on rates and I think later on in the
show we'll be having CGS international
joining us and their call is
>> given the rates outlook in China 1 to2
rate cuts next year that's 10 to 20
basis points. We'll hear from Angela uh
a bit later Angela Jang. Now that goes
into the inflation story in China today
where we are expecting a rebound and in
fact when you look at I think the
forecasts
>> of.7 I know that does not sound like a
lot but I mean that underscores the lack
of inflation in recent years that 7%
actually would be the highest going back
to early 2020. Not it doesn't complete
the the data set but it certainly gets
us closer to the the activity numbers
which should be out of course over the
next week. It it's what they call this
kind of slow burn in terms of reflation,
right? It it's it's going to be slowly
emerging out of that
>> uh is sort of the theme that I think
many economists are expecting for next
year. Uh but then again, you know, it's
been a pretty I guess when it comes to
the data side of things of November, it
hasn't been great and it hasn't quite
shown that things are firing on on all
cylinders. So you you contrast that with
what the PA bureau meeting and really
kind of the more optimistic tone around
the growth uh picture is. That's
certainly going to be quite interesting
to see how long that sort of gap lasts
as well. So certainly that's one thing.
We're still waiting for the credit data.
You're focusing on markets are not doing
much, but the China seems to be
continuing on with this rally too. So
what's going on there?
>> Yeah. Well, it was really the the
pronouncements coming out of of the
weekend. So I think it's a continued
move we saw yesterday. Uh it's certainly
if you had to pick one that was a
standout it was that it wasn't by a lot.
So on a normal day that is something
that would actually not be a something
to keep an eye and we'll talk about the
Vancou meeting in a moment. You have I
think two trading debuts today. Uh the
IMF's briefing on the Chinese economic
outlook that's also happening. That's on
deck. Now as far as the sectors to watch
you have crypto given the slight bounce
we're seeing there. Uh we talked about
precious metals and of course drone
makers. is interesting because of course
the uh some of the tightening around uh
regulation and we'll see whether or not
that affects trade today across some of
the hardware plays the drone makers
there but yeah
>> yeah let's get to of course our top
stories here this morning and is that
inflation print out of China set to
release for November later on at the
bottom of this hour and really when it
comes to CPI expected to see a modest
tick up factory PPI prices though remain
in contraction let's bring in our China
correspondent MLO on what we're
expecting here today
>> yes so we are expecting CPI to take up
to 0.7%.
So, it's still far below the target of
around 2% but pretty significant
considering the longerterm trend. It's
been hovering around zero so far. And if
it comes through 0.7% would be the
highest print we had gotten since I
think February of 2024. PPI though is
just expected to be just marginally
better. Still declining by about 2%. And
that the divergence between CPI and PPI
shows you how difficult and entrenched
the deflationary trend has been. Right.
And it also ties into the trade data we
got last week, which shows exports being
really good, but imports lagging behind.
Um, and and and the PPI number in some
ways probably making Chinese exports so
competitive. And you also tie this into
US prices as well. China is probably
exporting that deflationary pressure to
the US, which is saving the US from the
worst of inflation, which also then
opens the gate for the Fed to cut rates
as well.
>> Yeah. See, look where that blessing came
from, right? And everyone's everyone's
in some ways hating on on some case.
Anyway, u what does it tell us about the
next year outlook?
>> Yeah, so we are looking ahead to the
central economic work conference which
is probably taking place end of this
week. So we'll be looking out for
details from the readout, but from the
pilot bureau meeting and the readout
from there, the guidance seems to be
that China is just going to you know put
out very incremental policies when it
comes to uh domestic consumption
stimulus. Um so that is something that I
think investors have been disappointed
by. But one thing to note from the polyp
bureau readout though is that there has
been uh the language there has been
focusing on the external trade battle
and I think you know that vigilance in
policym is key even as the government
has been quite reluctant to put out the
bold stimulus they are paying attention
to this protectionist streak that we are
seeing uh globally.
>> Yeah interesting they called it a battle
as well. Mman thank you our China
correspondent Mim Low there. Another
thing that we're watching out for today
is this big meeting, right? Chinese
developer W is set to meet with bond
holders to discuss a proposal to delay
payment on a two billion bond note due
on December 15th. More let's bring in
our credit reporter for China, Trista
Ching on what's going to happen today
specifically.
>> So bond holder are going to meet um
today at 10:00 a.m. local time and
they're going to review like a proposals
so far and they have like currently have
three proposal. one. The first one is
the original plan Vanka proposed earlier
to try to you know delay the UN know
payment for a year without any upfront
cash and any you know installments and
the other two offering more general's
turn you know asking them to pay
interest on time and offer some credit
enhancement. So today they're going to
review those three proposal and they
will have until Friday to vote.
>> Yeah I mean separately it's not all or
nothing. You know there is some
information out there that Vanco has
reached out to some bond holders that
the possibility of paying some yes
>> of the interest not everything and then
extending it like what do we know about
that? Yeah. So there has been you know
before today's meeting k off there have
been a lot of ongoing discussion between
the local government developer and
creditors. There is there was also even
a meeting held over the weekend in
Beijing. Um and then you know as you
mentioned yesterday bank representative
reached out to some uh creditors saying
yeah we can you know offer some interest
payment but they didn't specify how
much. So I think that's a question there
and we really need to wait and see
what's the discussion going to come out
from today's meeting.
>> Okay, Trista, thank you so much. Uh
China credit reporter there Trista
Trista Law there. Right, coming up uh
we're having a look at monetary policy
and bets in focus, not so much for this
[music] week. So that's almost a done
deal when it comes to the Fed, but
really what the path looks like in 2026.
Pepperstone Group joins us for a wrap-
up markets this year, last few weeks and
a look into early of next year. Chris
Weston in a couple of minutes with his
thoughts coming down to the open of
trade Shanghai Shenzhen and here in Hong
Kong futures are pointing to a [music]
slightly softer open 20 minutes away.
You're watching the China show. Good
morning to all of you.
[music]
If the data [music] suggests that we
could do it, then like right now I think
there's plenty of room to do it.
>> Plenty of room, which plenty is more
than 25 points.
>> Correct.
>> That was the White House National
Economic Council Director Kevin Hasset
there, of course, and largely seen as
one of the contenders for the next Fed
chair as well, mind you. Uh let's bring
in Chris Weston, head of research at
Pepperstone Group, as of course on this
Fed day. Uh Chris, I love what Tom Keane
just mentioned in that commercial break.
It's there's going to be a lot of uh
anxiety, a lot of hesitation around this
whole Fed meeting. I think the past 6
weeks,
>> it's really kind of caught the eyes of
many equity traders and it really is
more important than maybe even trade or
even this whole AI discussion. What
signals are you going to be looking out
for in this meeting apart from the rate
cut that is largely priced in?
Yeah, I mean it's it's really about um
the tone that they're setting for next
year and whether you know we feel that
that love that is the Fed put and you
know how open-minded they'll be to to
supporting um you know should they
should they need to support and you know
I think that's where the two-way risk in
rates pricing comes for next year. So
it's you know I don't think we're going
to see any changes to the dots. I don't
think we're going to see any changes to
the um statement SCPs. I think you know
I think power will basically come out
and say that they're open-minded towards
motor rate cuts if they're needed but
obviously the barriers to do so are much
higher these days. We're going to see
the formal end to the recalibration
phase and so I think you know if you
have a look at the FX market one week
volatility across the dollar pairs is
generally below the 20th percentile.
It's very low. So the FX markets are not
expecting the dollar to have a
significant move. Gold's a little bit
higher, but then obviously it's had a a
big run and positioning is very very
rich in that. Um, and if you look at the
S&P forward V markets, they're pricing
at a a percent up or down move on on,
you know, for for the Fed day. So that's
kind of in line with the sort of
realized V we've seen over the last
eight quarters as well. So yeah, the
markets are not expecting fireworks from
this and I think it's so conditional
that, you know, the rate cuts priced in,
you know, everyone's everyone's
positioned for this hawkish cut. Um, and
there's going to be no changes to SCPs
and stuff, various factors. So, you
know, I think as long as they're
open-minded to to further cuts if
they're needed to happen, um, then I
think we're okay with that situation and
we can plot on and we can, you know,
obviously look to see what happens with
Oracle's earnings, Broadcom's earnings
and and next week with the payrolls and
CPI. So, market is expecting a pretty
low low impact event even through the,
you know, the significance of what this
what obviously carries.
>> Yeah. I mean clearly Chris David here by
the way they're clearly looking past
this and you look at how how poorly
treasuries have been trading how you
know the you know the the curve's been
steepening. Uh is is is there some
element here that the markets are not
just looking through this but are
somewhat expecting that the next move
could actually be uh a rate hike here
out of the Fed? I mean might that be not
just a tail risk at this point?
>> It's a tail risk. Yeah, absolutely. I
mean um but I and if you look at the
distribution that if you looked at the
full distribution of rates uh pricing
I'm sure there are people betting on on
the next move being a hike but um that
would be a surprise to where the the
sort of weight of money is at the moment
because yeah as everyone sort of see
says is that the next move is expected
to be in June and yeah we might get one
more by the end of the year. That's the
sort of but that that rates pricing is
dynamic and it can move very very
sharply. If we were to get a a strong
payrolls number next week um you know I
think
above sort of 80,000 would would
probably constitute that the break even
rates around sort of 40 50,000 um on
that payrolls number and we would see
you know the unemployment rate stay
fairly firm and you know we thought we'd
look at inflation next week and then
obviously yeah if we were still core
core inflation pushing up above 3.1%
then yeah I think people would come into
2026 thinking you know is that is that
is there two more cuts really the right
right call and of course you know then
you've got this this mountain of
issuance that's going to be coming
through through government bond market.
It's probably not so much for the Fed
where most of it is going to come from
the bills side of things but certainly
in Europe and Japan and you know you've
already seen curves long end you know
moving up quite sharply which is put a
>> put some upside in the treasury market
as well but yeah I think there's there's
really clearly two-way risk at the
moment for for rates pricing further out
the curve. I think it's interesting that
the terminal pricing has has had a
material shift recently. You know it's
gone from it's moved up about 41 basis
points in the last month or so. So you
know 323 is the sort of terminal pricing
and I think people are sort of massaging
that that that that position there as
well.
>> Yeah. You mentioned about the this is
coming at a time where there's going to
be a lot of government bond issuance
right particularly when it comes to
Japan
>> to fund this fiscal package Europe as
well.
>> This coming at a time when we see a
mountain of corporate bond issuance as
well whether it's for you know funding
AI or the like.
>> How do you see this kind of push and
pull competing for global private
capital here? I think it's going to be
one of the big debates for next year. I
think things like, you know,
affordability and electrical, you know,
demand and pricing from their data
centers is obviously going to be another
big one as well. But yeah, look, um, I
think the the investment grade issuance
certainly from the US corporate side is
is expected to be quite significant. I
mean, we're talking, you know, estimates
of $300 billion of of of issuance,
mostly to pay for the um, you know, the
the infrastructure build out on data
centers. um we're talking about $3
trillion of of infrastructure build out
or investment over the next three years,
but a lot of that's going to be funded
on the debt markets. We've already seen
places like Oracle and some of the Mag 7
stocks um coming out and and issuing
that, but it's we're talking 300 billion
next year. And we've also got about 900
billion in in investment grade maturing
over in next year as well. So some of
that will need to be rolled over. Some
of it obviously mature. But um that is a
significant amount of corporate
assurance on the investment grade side
which could cause some some widening of
spreads and obviously some some ripples
through there. But obviously as you say
that's going to be keep competing for a
finite pool of private capital. You know
with central banks not conducting
quantitative easing and buying in the
secondary market. you know there isn't
yeah you know the these entities are
price sensitive and you know when
they're choosing between some very very
enticing investment grade issuance
coming through against government bond
markets well does that mean that we're
going to see terms term premium increase
at the long end and you know that could
cause some ripples in markets as well so
I do think that that that competing
force of governments versus corporates
is going to be a big theme
>> if the term premium comes back Chris
could I just maybe use that as a jumping
off point are we sleeping on a stronger
the dollar next year then
>> I just think you need to be openminded
to be honest. I mean everyone's going
into this again thinking that the
dollar's got downside risks and various
factors but I I think FX V was probably
the trade for next year. No one likes to
be long volatility because it costs
money but uh you know there's a roll
charge and and and a carry charge
involved in most of the sort of um long
volatility structures. But I think
you're seeing bigger dispersions coming
through in central bank pricing and that
generally means you see spread widening.
That generally means you get FX
volatility. But I think we just need to
be open-minded to the possibility it's a
midterms next year. I think the US was
going [snorts] to get some tailwinds
from the one big beautiful bill. Um and
like you know we've got rate hikes
already priced in Australia, New
Zealand, Canada for next year. Bank of
Japan. Um but you got to say that
there's probably more risks that there's
extra 50 basis points of cuts next year
could come out the market which in
theory could make you make give you a
stronger dollar. I don't think that
we're going to see too much in the way
of Fed independence being called either.
So yeah, I think openminded, but yeah, I
can I can make a case very strong case
for for an upside in the US dollar.
>> All right, Chris, what does it mean for
the whole AI trade, too? I mean, we have
Oracle earnings coming out as well.
>> Seems like this one could be quite a
volatile event, too.
>> Well, I think the best trade for the
moment is is stay in the infrastructure
side of things. There's no bubble there.
And I think yeah that that that that's
come off the boil a bit now but the the
generate power generation stocks in the
in the staples utilities I think is is
probably still place to be and maybe in
the quantum side as well quantum
computers is probably the place to go
but I think one of the big themes that's
really emerged over the last month which
will continue to spill over next year is
the idea about Google TPUs versus open
AI and and the different stocks that are
leveraged to both camps. I think it's a
major one there. So obviously you got
Oracle which is a major proxy of open AI
and that's that's cost them that's hurt
their stocks. Their stocks down 33%
since their last earnings. Um and then
of course you got Broadcom um later this
week coming out and they're very
representative of the of the Google camp
which is you know everyone loves
Broadcom at the moment and we still
continue to see upside risk there. But
on the earnings side for for Oracle I
mean you know there's the stock's been
beaten up pretty badly and and you know
that that's going to help them at
earnings. So, you know, we expect them
to do quite beat beat on earnings and
sales and and the various metrics that
we look at and so there's probably some
upside risks there and the market's
expecting a 10% move up or down on the
day. So, big volatile moves, but it's
for the rest of the sector, it's all
about, you know, their commitment
towards open AI capex intentions and
again, we're coming down to the
financing of of their debt and their
their expansion plans going forward,
which I think everyone's going to be
looking at.
>> Chris, as always, appreciate the time,
sir. Thank you so much for spending time
with us, Chris Weston, their head of
research at Pepperstone Group. Uh we're
just under well going into what 7
minutes 30 seconds of the [music]
opening bell. Uh reference rate of the
day, bottom of your screen. Let's call
it flat. Well, there's no Yeah, I mean
we are calling it flat because that's
what exactly what uh we're looking at
right now. Inflation numbers are coming
through also in about 7 minutes time.
Plenty more ahead. This is the China
show.
[music]
We're looking at one specific benchmark
uh today
uh and that's really as you can see and
you can see why here over 5 days 5.7% on
the chinext index uh and early going
suggests that we might actually see
further upside. We'll see we'll see what
happens with this. Now uh the other
thing to point out is inflation coming
through. Um I think it's a two or
threeyear look at inflation plus the
forecast median. The low and the high
the high is Goldman Sachs. You have the
low end of 0.2.7%
is what we're looking for as far as I
mean that's the yellow line on your
screens. If we get that that would take
you all the way back to early 2024.
>> All right. That's the next thing to
watch here in the next 5 minutes or so.
We're also watching some of these weight
loss obesity drugs. Oh well we're doing
chip stocks first. SMIC and Hugh Semi
there were slightly to the upside here.
There was this FT report talking about
chi China adding some of these domestic
AI chips to its official procurement
list also watching the farmer side of
things as we talked about right so uh
particularly when it comes to Shanghai
Fosson so they basically have gone into
a collaboration with Fizer when it came
to its uh weight loss early stage weight
loss drug there you go the stock is up
some 4% here today uh so that's going to
be the one thing to watch silver and
gold we talk about you know silver
reaching 60 bucks a ton or ounce I
should say not a ton um for the first
time ever. Uh you're seeing some of
these silver stocks reacting to that too
today.
>> Yeah. Uh there we go. And the other side
of that of course is the copper trade
which did see some pressure uh
yesterday. Some trading debuts today and
of course we will be joined by the CEO
of one of these companies and we will
leave you to [laughter] your best
guesses which company we're talking
about here. One is doing fantastically
well, one is doing decently okay, 4.3%
[music] to the upside. So these trading
debies continue to feature uh into the
market story today. Apart from that,
we're looking at a flat open onshore and
offshore also sideways trading on the
[music] Chinese currency. The opening
bell 3 minutes away.
[music]
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China Show. We're counting down [music]
to well open markets and also the
release of November inflation numbers,
PPI and CPI and broadly expectations
[music] are for an easing of
disinflationary pressures to show up in
these numbers in about 30 seconds from
now.
>> Yeah, when you take a look at this, it's
[music] incremental as they say, right?
That we might see a little bit of
improvement on the numbers side of
things. Does it change the big [music]
picture at all and what we're seeing in
China when there are still seems to be
price pressures that are very much
entrenched in [music] this economy?
We're going to get John Jet to comment
about that on the back of these numbers,
but this on the back of that PAB bureau
readout that really didn't send a sort
[music] of urgency when it came to the
stimulus side of things here as well.
Um, but certainly we're focusing on
[music] that central economic work
conference that could be happening later
on this week as well. So, that could be
the next thing to watch in terms of
policy signals of course as we countdown
to the March meeting as well. That's
when you get the government growth
targets, budgets, the like there and
more maybe numbers uh for us to kind of
digest. But here's the market open
before of course those inflation numbers
do come out. We talked about we're we're
not doing anything really ahead of the
Fed. Uh of course markets have been
retreating in terms of rate cut
expectations there. But there you go.
PPI prices. Ooh,
>> this is a slight miss there. This is
2.2% in contraction for PPI prices,
Dave, for November. CPI prices. That's
where you're seeing that incremental
improvement, right? 0.7%
for consumer prices there. What else is
caught your caught your eye?
>> Yeah. So, I'm just looking at the range
of Okay, let me while I bring up the
data on my screens, let me just tell you
give you context on the CPI numbers at
7%. That's clearly bang in line with the
median estimate. That's well clearly
well within range. It's a big
improvement big relatively speaking from
the previous prints on an absolute basis
7% actually. is the actually the highest
uh headline inflation print going back
to early of 2024. So that's that's the
improvement side of things. Now when you
look at PPI prices coming in slightly
below the median of so clearly a an
acceleration relative to estimates of
the PPI prices actually coming in near
the low end but not at the very low end
of forecast of of negative.2
uh%. So some of the pressures there
continue. Um I would imagine though just
throwing this forward just given how
commodity prices have traded
um of late we might actually see further
pressure. Okay. Uh currency trading on
the weaker weaker side of things. We'll
wait for the data in terms of what goes
into the basket to really get a more
informed view u of the inflation
situation. But just to help us
understand on a headline number basis uh
what this means for policy and initial
takeway is with us your president and
chief economist at Pinpoint Asset
Management. Initial glance sir what do
you what do you think?
>> I don't think there's a very big uh
surprise. I think the market kind of
expect you know the the CPI side there
will be some improvement uh to a large
extent is driven by vegetable and and
food prices uh rising uh and we already
know that because we have high frequency
data points and the uh the focus I think
in the market now is on the PPI uh
whether there will be meaningful
improvement on PPI side going into next
year. I think the market not really
expecting uh very sharp improvement on
PPI uh in the very short term but now
there's some expectation for the next
year going into particular second half
of next year the PPI deflation might get
better on the margin right so it might
become you know close to zero that would
be already be um improvement so there's
a debate on on how the PPI outlook will
become
>> okay
>> and I mean overall the data has been
mixed right it seems like we're we're
likely going to hit that growth target
this year. But then again, you talk
about inflation is still sort of
>> I guess a slow burn.
>> Uh and you have the property market that
seems to be reemerging more as a bigger
risk. Yeah.
>> How are you assessing the broader growth
trend now for next year?
>> You know nowadays if you look at many
countries uh US, China, even Japan um
mixed picture all over the place. I mean
in China you would look at um uh for
instance the AI space there's there's a
very strong consensus things are going
very well right so manufacturing sector
there's some positive news coming from
there as well now if you look at
property things um on the margin still
getting worse
>> um and that trend seems to be um quite
persistent and I think going into next
year the what the market um kind of
waiting for investors are waiting for is
whether the government will do something
in the property sector given that you
know the trend has been you know on a
downward trend uh for a while. Uh so
that going into um you know first half
of next year will the government do
something particularly in tier one city
to um keep probably price falling and um
there are things I think they can do
particularly in tier one city. U I I
understand in tier three tier four city
is very hard but tier one you know the
the the imbalance is not that severe. So
I I think if they do something there
they can they can make some improvement
>> if if they are going to do something. It
doesn't seem very obvious though looking
at
recent policy pronouncements, right? So
I think that the polyure meeting, the
central economic conference, not to say
they won't do anything, but it doesn't
seem that there's a a great amount of
obvious urgency
>> for them to act. Now is that actually a
good thing? [clears throat]
>> I I think you know again u as I
mentioned the GDP growth is on track to
to uh reach 5% for this year. Um and I
think you know if you roll back six
months the number one issue on policy
makers mind is probably about external
environmental trade war that now is
becoming less of a concern. So I think
the the the the overall evaluation of
the economy seems to be okay. It's it's
not um um as bad as in the beginning of
the year. So the risk has already uh
come down. I think that's probably the
the you know if you think from a
policymakers perspective uh the overall
situation seems to be um kind of
relatively beny compared to the
beginning of the year and now the
property sector hasn't I mean has been a
drag to the overall economy but has it
been kind of a crisis scenario does does
it cause financial instability not
really not not at that stage so it's
kind of content by itself
>> um yeah so
>> and in that polar bear readout there was
things that were not mentioned whether
it was the property market. There was
also not not much mention of
anti-involution,
>> right?
>> Is that a signal that maybe the over
capacity concerns are not as bad as what
we thought it would be?
>> I I think the anti- uh involution uh is
still a policy priority. Um it's not
mentioned there. Let's see. I mean,
we're waiting for this central economic
working conference um which will give a
lot more details, right? So, I think
there probably will be some discussion
on on that topic. Um I'm saying this
because the PPI deflation is still
obviously an issue right and and it does
affect you know broadly many aspect of
the economy fix fiscal revenue uh you
you you hear you know foreign leaders
coming to China to complain about this
uh so there there are many reasons why
the government need to address this
issue and there are things they can do
they can you know um cut overall um
excessive capacity in some uh industries
uh bank lending to those industries
maybe uh you more constrained. So there
are things that they probably um can
push forward.
>> Is the I mean it's end of the year. It's
a good time to look at this. Maybe is
the economy improving? Very simple
question. Is it in a better place now
than it was 12 months ago?
>> Um I would say is weaker compared to the
second quarter uh of of this year.
Right. So this year the first half of
the year the government support is very
strong on fiscal and and monetary. Uh so
the first half of the year the the
economy was doing
>> is that seasonal
>> that's start of the year I would say
yeah I mean the past few years has been
seasonal right so just but yeah yeah but
um you know Q4 particularly we've seen
some weakness I guess the question is
whether going into Q1 whether the
government will ramp up support again um
particularly on infrastructure
investment so we get you know marginal
growth to to stabilize or even rebound a
bit um that's that's the question right
so the the the first quarter fiscal
support is is a key issue to watch.
>> How important is it that the reman stays
strong that in order to actually boost
that domestic demand picture now?
>> Yeah, I do think the the may strengthen
even further um going into next year. Uh
you know the Fed is going into a recover
cycle and and China has a huge trade
surplus, right? So the um I think from a
fundamental perspective there is room
for B to appreciate against the dollar
and and even against the basket. um it's
not a huge appreciation but you know on
the margin um I think there's there's
definitely more pressure for it to go up
um to uh strengthen against the US
dollar um and I think the government
from a policy makers perspective they
probably going into next year be more
tolerant of that idea that you know if
the fight go into rec cycle the dollar
maybe weaken a bit led be appreciate a
bit I I think that make perfect sense
>> yeah they'll just largely stay stay out
of the way
>> yeah just looking at just great
differentials. I think to your point uh
what assumptions are you making around
the the the consumption and subsidy
story,
>> the trading policies and everything
that's supported consumption levels this
year?
>> Consumption has been um has been weak
recently. Uh so the the question is
whether the government will rip up um
further support through subsidies. I
mean it's a bit hard because we've been
running on subsidies for for several
years, right? So you cannot buy a car
every year. I mean that's that's uh the
marginal impact probably will will
decline. Um I think the government
probably will will will keep that
subsidy going into next year but whether
that's enough to to keep consumption
strong um because you know the marginal
impact is is declining right so maybe
they need to do something more
>> um and related to that property sector
because property you know people's
wealth is in poverty if you get a
negative wealth effect you hurt
consumption so that's
>> um I think the pressure is building up
for the government to do something on
the property sector
>> is you're I mean you're on the ground
right the sense I get when we speak to
people here is that the cons and risking
obviously oversimplifying the Chinese
consumer there's a lot of them right
>> is is the sense we get is
>> it's no one is people are not
overwhelmingly bullish over prospects
>> but they're also pretty far away from
feeling dire and depressed over the
economic outlook things seem to be doing
>> okay
>> that's right
>> and and what is is there a takeaway for
you as far as that's concerned like
things are just fine.
>> Uh I I think you're right. I think
that's a very important point that
compared to say you know um 3 four years
ago that you know you hear a lot of uh
complaints right so from social media um
um you know there there's people seems
to be um you know facing these
challenges but they also find ways to to
deal with these challenges. So there's
it's not a a massive social unrest that
kind of scenario, right? So there
certainly
>> far from it.
>> Far from it. I mean there seems to be um
some some of the some of the cities you
know go you go to Shenzhen, you go to
Shanghai, you see that on the margins
things are improving that is it's very
open. There are more foreigners coming
in activity. I mean the entrepreneurs
becoming more active. You do see that on
the ground from bottom up. So um that
shows up in in the in in in the equity
market more than in in in the property
market.
>> Thank you so much. Nice to see you.
>> Hi Dante there our president and chief
economist at Pinpoint Asset Management.
Just a glance at benchmarks and we have
tapped on to the downside some of these
price moves there. Uh weakness clearly
we've shown the idea that in the
currency maybe reacting to the PPI
numbers the weaker PPI numbers and yeah
we will have a look at some of these
silver and gold stocks. That's really on
the back of the price moves we've seen
[music]
in silver too.
>> Uh it's maybe the tightness that we're
seeing this market of course on the back
of these Fed cut bets and really as we
countd down too of those FOMC meeting
you [music] are seeing silver stocks
like China silver group up close to 6%
here. Drunk makers we're talking about
that Fosen [music] Pharma and Fizer deal
here when it comes to their obesity
drug. So u you're seeing though most of
these [music] uh pharma stocks are
lower. Athletus for example down some
5%. I think they had a good day
yesterday though. Um, but yes, we're
[music and clears throat] watching those
weight loss drug makers in particular.
This is Bloomberg.
[music]
A lot of them actually.
Welcome back. Right. Uh let's take a
look at [music] this Nvidia story uh at
this ongoing feature of course when it
comes to geopolitics and this uh trade
let's call it trade in terms of the
concepts that between the two sides. So
we're learning more about why President
Trump has green lit sales of the H200
chip specifically to China sources safe
comes down to the strength of the
mainland semi ecosystem. Annabelle is
here with us to help us unpack that for
us and what else are we hearing and just
what's what's forced is forcing an
accurate word incentivize the White
House to allow this to happen. No, I
mean it forces a rethink at least of of
your policies and and it comes down to
yeah how you benchmark Nvidia's progress
versus what you're seeing in mainland
China and the whole push from the US
like what you see in China. But but both
want to retain their lead or or China
wants to catch up, but the US wants to
retain its lead and and when it was
making this decisions, what we're
understanding from sources is that it
was looking at how's Nvidia going versus
what we're seeing from the best in China
and that's Huawei. And so what they did
was look at one of the Huawei systems uh
that's essentially a platform known as
cloud matrix 384 or 384. It's built
using the Ascend chip series which is uh
Huawei's AI chips. And they found that
actually when you benchmark the progress
or the performance of that system versus
what you see from from Nvidia's MVL 72
which is built using Blackwell chip
architecture. Actually the performance
was looking pretty similar. And so that
made them think, okay, actually Huawei
is really catching up here if we want to
try and retain that lead and we need to
then give them more advanced products
because the whole idea is that the Trump
administration wants uh Chinese
companies to build using US architecture
and infrastructure to try and then also
reduce that push to build out that
self-reliancy at least domestically
because still Nvidia is more advanced at
least by an 18-month window. And the
other factor they were looking at for
this decision making was also the
production capabilities because SMIC and
Huaw are the two main foundaries. SMIC
really is the one that can do more
advanced nodes than what you can get
from Huaw.
>> But actually we're hearing as well and
and the White House is estimating that
they're going to be able to build
millions of these AI processes next year
possibly. So that also creates that
urgency to act and and to shift on on
the H200 policy.
>> Yeah. Yeah, and the FT has some good
reporting on just how China is
responding of course to this news of
maybe possibly limiting the amount of
H200 chips that do come into China and
other ways to really preserve its
domestic chip sector.
>> Yeah, exactly. Yeah, there's been two
different stories from the FT this
morning and they sort of worked together
quite nicely, but but to to go to that
first one, yeah, they're looking at
limiting uh access to H200. One of the
ways they're doing that is looking at
maybe restricting buyers or purchases of
the H200 chips. also maybe saying to
companies you need to justify why you
want this H200 versus what you can get
domestically. So that's one policy is to
essentially limit companies directly.
The other is to continue to to build up
and and to to focus on domestic players
and one way they can do that as well and
the FT saying is that actually the the
domestic AI chips have been on put on an
official procurement list for the first
time ever. So now government agencies or
it's a government approved essentially
list of supplies for the likes of Huawei
also Cambercon but it's another way to
push I guess and promote that local chip
designer or chip chip ecosystem. So
they're two different stories but I
think it also tracks very nicely with
what we've had from our Bloomberg
intelligence team and they're sort of
saying the same thing here that this
Nvidia U-turn is is coming too late.
You've already got names like BU,
Alibaba, Tencent that uh that are
preferencing local chip makers just
because the the US administration has
been flip-flopping too much on its
policy.
>> Yeah. Okay. So, I wonder what the update
tomorrow is going to be. Uh Bill, thank
you so much. Jewelers there on the
latest around tech. Uh right. Uh let's
have a look at some corporate news that
we're tracking this morning. We're
watching crypto stocks uh across markets
today. Hong Kong specifically here as
the city seeks public comments on
implementing new global rules on
reporting digital asset transactions and
the Hong Kong government launched a
public consultation [music] on Tuesday.
Issues include recordkeeping
requirements and a proposed penalty
framework. Now, Chinese regulators are
moving to tighten control of the drone
industry with mandatory [music] national
registrations. State broadcaster CCTV
says requirements include real name
registration and operational
>> [music]
>> identification of civil drones. Now
drones also cannot have flight
capabilities [music] uh before their
registration is activated. The new rules
will take effect come May. Now we talked
about the story. Uh Fizer is or has past
tense entered into an exclusive uh
collab as they say [music] these days
and licensing deal uh for an early stage
weight loss drug uh with a unit of
Shanghai Fosid pharma. I believe that
was the stock you saw bottom of your
screens. We'll get that up again
shortly. Under the deal, Yao Pharma will
complete an ongoing phase one clinical
trial of the drug. And the agreement
also allows Fizer to develop,
manufacture, and commercialize it
worldwide. Now, JP Morgan shares dropped
after it flagged $105 billion in
expected spending this year. That's
close to some people I know. Uh the
guidance is higher than the top estimate
from analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. Now
JP Morgan's consumer and community bank
head uh Marian Lake says that the
anticipated [music]
cost growth is due to volume and also
growth related expenses as well as
[music] inflation. All right. Uh SpaceX
big one big deal potentially the biggest
one potentially. Bloomberg has learned
that the company is moving ahead with
plans to go public next year. Now,
sources say it aims to raise
significantly more uh than $30 billion
in the IPO, targeting a valuation of
about $1.5 trillion. Now, the
transaction would make it the biggest
listing of all time. [music] SpaceX
expects to use some of the proceeds to
develop space-based data centers, right?
Uh we'll just take a short break back on
the other side of it. A look at markets.
Right now, we're splitting the
difference. We're coming off low as the
day, but still looking at declines.
[music] Now about 20 minutes into the
cash market session.
[music]
>> All right, just recapping [music] that
CPI and PPI print as well. I think it
was a bit of a mixed picture here,
right? when you talk about CPI prices uh
bouncing back in in some of the biggest
prints that we've seen in over a year
but then PPI prices still very much in
contraction.
>> Yeah, I think the expectation is still
PPI slowly gets to slowly gets to the
zero level and then crosses into
positive next year. Uh the CPI prices
well flagged um I think Jung mentioned
food prices, high frequency data,
>> vegetables, pork prices have indicated
we are going to get this what we got
today. So uh market is reacting to the
the PPI print that you missed
>> a little bit more negatively. Uh we saw
that in the remmbb in particular.
Markets are also slightly under pressure
here today as well. Um we've been
focusing on sort of some of the key
trends that have been kind of driving
this equity rally. Southbound flows
southbound flows for one part has been a
key driver of that right mainland
investors that were definitely buying up
a lot of either you know the tech space
and the like earlier this part of the
year. Uh you take a look at this this
chart though if we can just fire it up
real quick that starts to be fading a
little bit now. So you got to wonder how
you know how much more momentum is there
around this market. Really?
>> Yeah. And you know for the longest time
right this remained really a key pillar
of the market. In fact uh our our our
markets producer Anthony Stevens really
flagged this uh earlier on. When you
look at how on price uh the benchmarks
in Hong Kong remained decent in
rangebound because of this sort of flow
into Hong Kong across the stock connect
particularly as we entered the fourth
quarter but as you can see that softened
of late in fact right now uh it's either
zero or flat which does explain of
course the weakness coming through on
price itself. Now on the Hangen China
index specifically, we're down a quarter
1%. We did manage to bounce off, but we
touched it for the very first time in
months. The 200 day moving average
currently [snorts] at 8859 and we're
trading currently at 8913. So we're very
very close to that level. Uh just to
mention a few things. Okay. Um few other
things. SKH Highix has been very much in
focus this week. That's coming up on
your screens. The chip plays TSMC doing
well. Honda is up 3.3%
and I'm about to figure out if I can
deduce or guess why we're looking at
that to the upside. I'm looking at my
>> an upgrade from Namura.
>> Oh, buy for the stock here. So, they're
talking about
>> the problems are close to being resolved
according to Namura here. So, this
recognition of losses have been related
to the EV collaboration with General
Motors that they say is nearly complete.
>> So, maybe that's why things are looking
better for the stock. Honda's up some
3%. Toyota as well up some 1%.
>> Yeah. Yeah. You know, when the a
company's problems are well publicized,
if they're there's no need to elaborate
on the problems themselves. Quote,
problems are close to being uh resolved.
Okay. Uh the two trading debuts today
were down on Okay. Live TV. We're up
slightly now on one. And we'll be joined
of course by the founder, chairman and
CEO uh Po Jun Way at those times on your
screens under business strategy
competition in the industry. If you're
curious, they're in the LAR industry.
Plenty more ahead. This is the China
shop.
>> All right, welcome back to the China
Show. Here's a look at the HSI [music]
half hour into the session. And yeah, we
bounced out the lows,
>> but we're still I mean marginally lower
here this morning. Um the inflation
numbers that just came out that was
still front and center for investors
here this morning. So CPI prices are
actually above zero and 0.7%. The the
sort of the biggest print or largest
print we've seen in terms of CPI uh in
over a year. C PPI is where there was
that bit of disappointment where we're
still very much in contraction of 2.2%.
But you know the as Mark Cranfield from
our M live team is saying the market
seems to be more focused on the CPI
prices. Oh
>> given the fact that they think the
interpretation is maybe deflations in
the past and maybe possibly less policy
stimulus for next year.
>> Oh that that's going to be interesting.
Uh because in a couple of minutes uh
there might be a different take to that.
[laughter]
Um uh yes we have a guest coming through
that they do expect more cuts coming uh
going into next year. Um apart from that
and also steeper curve which we'll get
to as well. uh in a moment. Right. So,
apart from the hanging index, we're
looking at the benchmarks right now and
since about 90 minutes back, we've seen
further declines across price. I haven't
looked at volumes, but I am willing to
bet my very healthy liver that volumes
are not there. Uh today, Asia Pacific
down about a 10 to 1%, we're moving, of
course, into a Fed decision where it's
for all intents and purposes, the
expectations are for a cut. It's really
about next year and what the path looks
like. Uh silver's a big story today 60
we topped that level and then we're
further above that right now further 1%.
In fact, you look at for those who don't
know, right? So, if everyone was focused
on gold, but silver's up by more than
double. In fact, it's the best
performing commodity this year. It's the
best year for silver since 1979.
110%
uh on silver. Copper's coming off a
little bit and some of the silver
related names on your screens up 8%. Uh
but apart from that, we talked about
PPI. Okay, we're done with that. the
Vancou story. The meeting I think should
be starting now and looking at the
agenda, but we're still waiting for more
headlines and
>> what the uh what the middle ground can
be with the bond holders.
>> 10 a.m. local time was what we were
expecting here. So, we're we're looking
for some sort of vote um from holders.
>> They need at least 90%
>> of that vote to clear uh to actually
avoid a default, right? So, that's one
thing whether they actually approve this
sort of extension plan for that bond
payment. We have heard some of our
sources saying that they might be
willing to give out at least some
interest payments.
>> Little bit of it.
>> A partial partial coupon.
>> Um so we'll see if we get any sort of
clarity on that front on what the next
12 months is going to look like for
long. But they can actually mitigate and
reduce that sort of default risk out
there.
>> Yeah. And this is for the the the bond
that's specifically for December 15. Not
to mention the other one of course which
is later the 28th I believe this month
which is a separate conversation alto
together. Right. Um the I I'll look at
this is going to make sense in a moment.
I'll look at the sovereign yield curve
in China. Why we're [laughter] doing
that?
>> It is a slow day. It
>> is a slow day. We're not just chucking
in random macro themes here and then
finding a reason to talk about and the
expectation is for a steeper curve. This
is the twos and 30s. We are anchored of
course in the short and uh a lot of
pressure on 30-year futures of late.
That's also coming up on your screens
very very shortly for more importantly
the why.
>> Yeah. Iris Oang uh FX and rates reporter
is with us here to take us through what
is behind this recent steepening of of
the yield curve.
>> Thank you for having me Ivon and David.
Yeah uh the gap y gap between China's 30
and twoyear bonds reached a wides in
almost a year. um that's partly driven
by the rapid rise in the long end
because people are concerned about the
upcoming um mutual fund fees changes and
there's a massive uh outflows from the
fixed income funds and then on the uh
short end of the curve um there's the
rich liquidity uh boosting the uh bond
yields to remain low uh because the PBOC
and Chinese authorities have been saying
that they are trying to uh maintain the
abundant liquidity to support the
economic to next year. Um so we are
seeing the uh the short teners are still
uh remain the the low yields. Um and uh
markets are not expecting uh maybe a uh
likely steeper curve going forward.
>> Okay. So they think things could
actually steepen further from here in
terms of the curve. What are they
projecting?
>> Yeah. Um I think uh markets in general
are projecting a uh steeper curve going
for forward into next year because
that's also favored by the Chinese
authorities. The POC has been stressing
that they prefer a steeper curve because
that indicates a positive economic
outlook and it's also uh means that the
Chinese assets are attractive enough for
global investors. Um and but people are
expecting the pace could be very gradual
uh because you cannot have a too
volatile bond markets um especially
after the recent sell offs.
>> So the key so we talked about inflation
that's one key issue maybe bond
purchases which has reemerged as another
issue to talk about among these key
themes. What are the things we're
tracking in the bond markets next year?
Yeah, of course this week people are
looking for the economic policy um
especially when we are having the
central uh economic work conference
coming up um uh from the political
bureau meeting. We already seeing that
uh authorities the top policy makers are
trying to maintain the monetary and
fiscal policy basically unchanged. So um
bond investors are looking for example
especially into the two sections maybe
the uh policy makers will unve um
targets for the GDP and physical deficit
you know recently people are especially
looking at the physical deficit because
whether it will remain unchanged at the
4% level as this year or it will be
higher than 4%. There are some rumors
already circulating in the markets that
impacting the uh the bond prices
already. Um and people are also watching
you know what will be the size of the
bond sales into next year because China
we have to um lean on the sovereign that
is into next year to further boost the e
economic.
>> All right Iris, thank you. Iris Oang
there our FX and rates reporter. Let's
bring in Angela Chang now, head of
research and chief macro strategist at
CGS International. Angela, it's great to
have you here on the program.
In terms of policy, I mean, what's your
sort of outlook for next year from
China? Because it seems like we're not
getting that much urgency from policy
makers just based on that polit bureau
meeting, but what's your expectation?
>> Uh, it's a big week for macro data and
policies, right? Which is to get the CPI
and the PPI data and actually we got
some of the supports maybe going to next
year for the CPI because this is the
major concern for the investors, right?
The first one major support is the uh
the local and the central government's
support of service consumption moved to
the domestic uh demand side. Right? So
this kind of policies we um uh expect
like 300 billion trading programs to
continue at least to provide a steady
support to that going to next year. The
second one is that the service
consumption different kinds of uh
scenarios for the consumption rate.
thinking about tourism other kind of
emotional related consumption. Yes.
>> Yeah. Right. That's quite popular
recently. And for the third one thinking
about some they called investment in
people, right? Enhance the social
security and the health care, elderly
care to um enhance people's willingness
and capacity to really consume. So um by
all this supporting like policies we're
confident that next year we're going to
see more uh um kind of improvement in
terms of the CPI but I think PPI will
just uh narrow it um it decline for next
year. So our uh prediction is negative
1.1% of PPI year on year.
>> That's about that's what happened. still
stay in a negative territory
>> but for uh CPI about.5%.
positive.5 just to be
>> positive but a little bit uh lower than
the market.
>> You need to be clear about that. Okay.
So the what room does monetary policy
play a major role in in supporting the
economy? Is it more fiscal? If it is
monetary do you expect more rate cuts
for example or bond buying in what form
is that going to come? uh nowadays I
think for Chinese economy fiscal policy
and monetary policy should go hand in
hand and for money policy I think it's a
a little room now but we still
anticipating more like money easing next
year uh we anticipate one to two times
of rate cuts cumulative like 10 to 20%
uh 20 bips point next year right so it
will pull down the LPR and uh also would
have translates to the uh lending and
deposit rates of yeah among the whole
financial system
>> and also yeah as you mentioned the
tbound purchase will be the primary tool
for the PBOC to uh implement this mon
monetary easing
>> especially after Fed cut
>> yes that's right
>> very likely yeah this week
>> um what role do you think the equity
market's going to play in terms of
really you know bringing that wealth
effect and getting people to actually
you know dispose their household income
and the like. I mean do you think that
that's going to play a bigger role next
year?
>> Yeah, this is a very clear trend
actually because if compared to global
peers actually the residents uh
portfolio the percentage of actually uh
assets or the percentage are quite lower
uh than the global uh I mean other
countries. So I think from the policy
makers perspective this very clear
signal already be sent to the market
that equity market should play a bigger
role in this uh economic hold of the
system right so and from like the
December 6 the Wuing right as BRC is
chairman also send a signal to the uh
leading uh domestic leading security
firms that we okay uh is the leverage uh
ceiling for now yeah it's very uh clear
signal
>> southbound flows have been fading. We
were just talking about that recently.
Yeah.
>> Where are they going? Where what's the
preference now for
>> maybe one um concern is about the year
end effect. I think
>> so they're just to secure their profess
this year.
>> Okay. for another reasons I think it's
more more about um I think it's overt
trend with ups and downs right so this
is a it is very temporary uh pullback
right so um but going to next year we
are very optimistic about the southbound
>> what's the what's what's the best
opportunity next year anywhere in in
Chinese markets
>> uh I can give you some of the feedback
from our global investors is yeah for
example the sovereign funds and uh uh
the uh insurance companies, long-term
funds, right?
uh with some of the cautious uh
sentiment still there about the micro
the whole micro picture okay I think
many of the global investors they are
iring on China's um sector level
opportunities for example robotics AI
and also uh some of the sub sector
within the consumer discretionary
>> sectors right so for example the the
shows the tools that we all arranged for
them into China are quite popular
>> almost almost all of them are
>> What do you guys do on tours? I'm
curious. You take them on tours
>> into factories or all the showrooms or
[laughter] R&D centers to let to really
see how fast this technology progresses
are in China. Okay.
>> So really want to get that opportunity
and we can get a sense that the next
China is still China. So this is what
let me know.
and and and we were just talking to a
guest yesterday about there there still
seems to be some downsides risk to the
Hong Kong market. uh maybe more downside
risk and upside risk index level when
you look at risk and reward maybe it's
still the asshare market because you
have so many of these growth stories as
you mentioned as well is the preference
still for maybe domestic onshore markets
then for next year
>> uh I think so for for domestic investors
if you if you compare the domestic uh
equity market with the Hong Kong ones I
think you can still see very good
companies here that's one of the things
they really value right the with the
tech or consumer the sectors they can
fight especially healthcare another one
so [laughter] find it here in Hong Kong
market so still attractive with more IPO
projects coming right so that's one of
the very promising sector that we should
look at and for I think global investors
now they're viewing the Chinese market
let's um conclude mainland China and
Hong Kong together right they can they
really want to grab this opportunity to
take this trend of AI development
um and grasp that uh take that profit
actually to be involved really involved
in this process not miss this
opportunity. So that's why uh I think
both the Chinese companies going abroad
and the global investors are looking at
the Chinese market. I think this is a
two-way uh kind of interaction very
active this is what I can feel I think
the sentiment here is highest compared
to the past three years after co so this
is a very clear signal although this uh
progress can be kind of snow with kosher
sentiment and with maybe needs more
clear picture of the macro uh data right
>> in fact I wanted to ask you about the
macro it's the time of the year where in
between the polit beer meeting the
central economic world conference and
then they map out the lean right the two
meetings next year.
>> You guys have mapped out three scenarios
on growth.
>> Optimistic, I think it's coming up.
Optimistic is 5
>> 5.4
>> 5.4%. Optimistic.
>> What's base case?
>> Base case 5%.
>> Okay. And pessimistic is
>> uh 4.5%.
>> 4.5%. Talk to us about 5.4%. What do you
think gets us there? And do you think if
we get a cyclical recovery in the
economy next year, what happens to the
the AI trait which has largely been
um let's call it it's it's it's largely
been agnostic to what the economy's
done. It's done very well despite the
weak macro.
>> Right. Right. Uh let's start with the
base case because the 5% is the baseline
for the first year first year of the
15th five year plan. Right. is very
important to set a benchmark for the
next company like five years or more. So
uh 5% um GDP growth let's watch out the
national economic work conference this
week see whether it will be kind of
adjustment to like 4.5 to 5%. That's
this kind of range because they will
send some of the signals whether the
policy makers will want to like uh both
achieve the economic growth as well as
the risk uh construction of the whole uh
economic system or achieve other goals
at the same time but for the optimistic
scenario 4 uh 5.4 before I think will
give more like uh first about more
favorable external environment right
fast more and less like geopolitical uh
concerns of course and as the same time
we'll have more like supportive uh
policies internally right so uh both
fiscal and monetary policies
>> okay
>> and how how scared should I be just very
quickly if we get four and a half%
>> so is the maybe the US and China uh
tensions
>> that's the underlying assumption under
that gets you to foreign it's a small
possibility here
>> which seems to be not the case right
we've seen a smoothing of the relations
>> yeah just to provide a floor to that uh
protection
>> fantastic thank you so much happy new
year let's talk again in the new year
Angela Angela Chang there head of
research and chief macro strategist at
CGS uh international right just ahead
here in shows the world watches as the
first teen social [music] media ban
takes effect in Oz we'll have the
details of that and how it could
influence
other countries to follow suits. This is
Mumba.
[music]
Right, welcome back. So, it's been over
a year since the since this
restructuring of course out of HSBC. So,
it's interesting here, we'll play it for
you in a moment. So, the CEO, current
CEO, of course, George Hedery, uh, says
it's it was not not enough executives
were fully accountable for their
performance over their respective
business before he began that radical
restructuring that we're witnessing
currently. That was 15 months ago. He
was speaking with uh Francine Laqua,
leaders with Laqua of course the podcast
uh and he said that the structural
changes need to be made from the very
top all the way down. Have a look.
>> I was definitely
ruthless about killing the complexity
and the drag in the back. Uh and I had
all my colleagues who wanted to achieve
the same and you know we set out to do
it. The most difficult part is when you
have to separate with some of your
colleagues. Um I think we've been very
thoughtful. We've been very considerate.
We've done it u hopefully the right way
and the most respectful way for the
benefit ultimately of the firm and its
customers. And everybody that's a
guiding principle is what do the
customers want? They want a bank that
moves at their pace. They want a bank
that moves fast in a fastmoving world,
fastmoving customers. you wanted, you
needed we needed to be agile. We needed
to be um you know to be ready for a
modern world and to be that we needed to
be simple and therefore you know kind of
everything then drives what decisions
you take from the from that mission
statement. Um
the um the importance for us is to be
disciplined about what we want to do is
to be able to do it at pace but to do it
safely and it's always balancing how we
do it safely yet moving at pace and with
discipline to deliver what we set out to
>> how did the bank become so complex and
again this is something that actually
most organizations have to face as they
grow I guess there's you know various
factions or a lot of companies actually
could just become much more simple and
simplified. How what did you see?
>> Look, I think um so com kind of
back to my engineering days, entropy is
a feature. Entropy tends to increase,
which means complexity if you do nothing
about it tends to increase rather than
decrease. So it things don't become
complex by design, they end up becoming
complex by lack of focus. So bringing
the focus at the simplification will
allow you to start dealing with it.
That's the first observation. Second
observation is you have to be extremely
methodical. Again I'm using a lot of my
kind of first principle engineering days
is like you transfer them and go first
principles. What has created the um you
know complexity? How can it be addressed
methodically? Try to identify ways to be
simple. Uh some of the ways to be simple
is to decide not to do certain things.
And this is why we exited a number of
activities. But to be able um to um you
know to basically build it if you want
from the bottoms up. The third thing is
when you're taking um structured
decisions you have to start from the top
down. You can't take structure decision
from the bottoms up. Your first
principles start from the bottom up.
Your structural decisions your
organization decisions have to start
from the top down. This is why the first
decision structurally I've taken relates
to simplifying the group operating
committee. We moved from more than 20
people to about 12. More importantly, we
moved from 0% single accountability.
Everything had dual or multiple
accountability to now about 60% of our
revenue is generated under single
accountability. So that's important. And
then the last thing, Francine, is to be
patient because it's not going to we're
not solving simplification overnight.
It's going to be a journey and we have
to be relentless at that journey quarter
after quarter, month after month until
we get the desired outcomes and that
journey is still on like we're not there
yet.
>> And that was the HSBC CEO George Elhery
there speaking exclusively with
Bloomberg's Francqua. Now in some other
corporate news this morning, Microsoft
has pledged to invest 17.5 billion
dollars over [music] four years to help
build India's cloud and AI
infrastructure. CEO Satan Nadella made
the announcement after meeting with
Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New
Delhi. This marks Microsoft's largest
investment ever in Asia as it targets
the world's most populous [music] nation
to help fuel growth. And as the AI trade
faces growing investor scrutiny, one
stock is shining as an anti- AI [music]
play, and that's Apple. Its shares were
battered earlier this year on concerns
about its lack of an [music] AI
strategy, but now the hesitance has gone
from a weakness to a strength. Apple was
the worst performer [music] among the
Mag 7 stocks in the first half, but
since then it soared 35% while AI
hyperscalers have slid [music] into the
red. Oakree Capital co-founder Howard
Mark says AI has created a quote [music]
terrifying outlook for employment. He
warns that the assumed productivity boom
from AI fails to consider how many
people will be able to afford the
additional goods produced. Markx adds
that some firms are piling on [music]
aggressive debt as big Ted spends vast
sums in an AI race designed to keep
smaller rivals from catching up. Right,
I just look at markets before we take a
short break and we'll unpack what's
happening on the CHI 300 in a moment and
as you can see that's down about 9/10 of
1%.
Curiously, there's only one sector
that's actually pulling that entire
thing [music] lower. Uh that's in the IT
space, the CSI300 IT index. Uh we're
down about 2 and 12%. [music] Dawning
information, Foxcon Industrial, Lux
Share position are all down over let's
call [music] it 3 and 1/2% in Dawning's
case. We're down about 10. More on that
after we take a short break. Back in a
moment.
All right, the IT index is down as
promised. Here's a look at that. We're
down about 2.1% underneath that hood
specific hood. Here you have the four
biggest losers. Dawning tech uh leading
those declines. Uh so it's really a drag
on that and that's itself dragging the
entire CSI 300 down. Uh there we go down
about 10% on dawning information. Uh
just very quickly to mention Vanc uh the
meeting of course now with the bond
holders believe taking place a pop in
one of the bonds on the that's halted
because of that plenty head.
>> [music]
>> 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
[music] hang at lunch break in just a
moment here and we are hearing from the
prime minister Taka Iichi. She's
speaking in parliament here this morning
and talking a little bit more about
what's going on the JGB market of course
the selloff and this meltup in yields
that we've been seeing. She says she
sees the JGB market as the most stable
in the world. uh and right now she's not
in a position to really assess UEA's
remarks in diet. You may remember that
he just did an interview with the FT
talking about they believe he believes
that Japan may have reached sustainable
2% inflation. So another step closer
possibly uh to them hiking rates uh next
well a few weeks from now certainly one
to watch vital to mold the impact of
rising yields comprehensively according
to Takahi. So that certainly is one key
focus of when you talk about the fiscal
expansion that Japan is, you know,
currently underway. That is the big
concern, you know, how fis fiscally
responsible they can be and that's
probably why the long hand is looking
pretty sticky these days.
>> Yeah. I mean funny using funny selection
word selection on stable at least it's
certainly something that when you look
at just the yield the pop in the yield
itself is not something that that that
comes to mind
>> anyway. Of course it's if it's stable
it's stable. I mean stable over a
40-year time horizon. U that is just to
say that is just to say if the BOJ does
hike interest rates and I think just to
bring you back to what city was telling
us a few days ago [snorts] uh every 6
months until 1 and a.5% and you
eventually get to a point where real
yields for the very first time in many
many years are back positive at a time
when the Fed's cutting interest rates.
That's probably not a formula to have a
stable bond market. Right? But just to
say that's going to be a major
implication for asset allocators when
you have a Japanese market that now has
a proper interest rate. Okay. Uh markets
are doing this nothing. I mean I'm
biting my nails
not because I'm nervous but because I'm
bored. Um and that's just to say we're
waiting for the Fed. [laughter]
Not so much what they do but what they
say in terms of the guidance next year.
Asian stocks, US futures, dollar is
doing absolutely nothing here.
>> Yeah, they they have been a still
[laughter]
to make a portrait out of them. Let's
get the artist in and get a sketch of
these markets and I guarantee you they
will not move until that portrait is
done. But
>> it's almost yeah, we're we're just
waiting, right? Um hyperventilating for
about over the whole Fed and FOMC
decision that comes out later on uh
today. So certainly that's one thing to
watch. It gives us time to talk a little
bit more about
>> this is
>> one thing that parents I think all
parents around the world are dealing
with right now is really whether to let
their teenagers use social media. Right.
Well, Australia has just become one of
the first nations to really test this.
Right. The social media ban for youths
came into effect today. It's a landmark
move that really aims to keep those
under 16 off certain social media
platforms. and children can no longer
have their own accounts and firms
violating this rule may face fines of up
to $33 million. So, we're going to break
it down by companies that might be
impacted, right? The likes of Facebook,
Instagram, Snapchat are subject to those
new regulations as well. And even some
some of these Chinese companies, right?
We're talking about Tik Tok and the
like, right? So, they've all pledged
compliance right now, but some firms say
the rules have been rushed through and
do risk pushing children into more
dangerous corners of the internet. Now,
the Australian government though has now
talked about just the impact this could
have, right? They're estimating 86% of
Australians aged between the ages of 8
to 15 use social media. So, that's a big
chunk of those pre-teens and teens here.
And the world is closely watching what
happens in Australia and whether this
move makes any sort of impact. Right?
You talk about policy makers in Europe,
in Indonesia are also looking to reign
in big tech even as the industry sees
young users as key to fueling their
future growth. But yes, it's not just an
Australia story. Of course, Dave, I
think people, a lot of parents out there
are really kind of focused on whether
this is successful or not.
>> Yeah. As a test case. Yeah.
>> Uh and then let's see what governments
other governments do uh along generally
uh the same lines. Perfect opportunity
to really get into the story today. Uh
let's bring in our team, our tech
reporter, Julie Pernell, is with us here
on set. Joining us too from Tokyo is
Katherine Forbeck, our Bloomberg opinion
columnist. Julie, let me let me start
with you. Ivon just set us up quite
nicely on the sort of size and scope of
this, but just how will this be enforced
is is is is the question now.
>> It's a good point and it's something
that people who have uh opposed the van
have pointed out. They say how how in
the world are you going to enforce this?
They say kids always find a way to get
around rules like this. Um so far we're
not seeing any big technical snafuss.
You know, none of the services are are
are reporting any big issues. Um they
are using a variety of means. everything
from video selfies to the ability for
young users to upload IDs if they have
them.
>> I think what's really interesting though
in the global context is um you know as
as Ivon alluded to the onus is on the
tech companies. I think it's very
interesting to put this in the global
context. There's been a lot said about
how responsible they might be for some
of these social ills and Australia is
saying it's on you tech companies and so
today's the day uh kids are getting shut
out.
>> Katherine, you've been writing about
this. Do you think the social media man
is it going to work?
>> So, I think that's the big question. Um,
you know, there was a poll in a local
broadcaster that came out ahead of this
ban that said 3/4ers of 9 to 15 year
olds had no plans to stop using social
media once the ban kicked in. Uh, and
ahead of the ban, there were also videos
going viral of sort of workarounds and
teens encouraging each other to uh go to
sort of more obscure apps. And so you
really it really does raise the question
of you know what could go wrong if teens
start congregating you know a bunch of
underage users start congregating on
even less regulated corners of the
internet. So I think you know teens are
very tech-savvy and if they really have
a will if they really want to continue
to use social media I think it's likely
that they'll find a way.
M
>> C Katherine I guess as a followup there
the I mean there's certainly a lot of
criticism I mean there's criticism on
both sides just to be just just to be
fair but in terms of the biggest worries
and concerns over this new legislation
just talk us through and elaborate more
along those lines. What have you seen
against this one?
>> Sure. So there's some valid privacy
concerns that have been raised. There's
also concerns that uh this will uh
especially impact sort of more
vulnerable teens and LGBTQ youth and
sort of rural or indigenous teens. But I
think one of the most interesting things
actually came from the American
Psychological Association which really
studies this and they came out and said
that hardline age limits aren't
effective. They don't work at keeping
children safe online. They sort of
ignore individual differences and
maturity levels and I think most
importantly they don't uh address the
underlying problems here. you know,
there's ways to sort of regulate social
media without just sort of cutting off
people that are 15 years old. And I I so
I think that these, you know,
psychologists, these researchers are
really saying that we need to get to the
root problem here. And I think uh that's
something that's really interesting. But
I do think that Australia is actually
doing something which is really more
than can be said for a lot of other
jurisdictions. So I'm I'm rooting for
this now that it's here.
>> I'm rooting for it too. Really, Neilie.
Um, in terms of the tech companies, you
talked, you know, how have they
responded and and what's the threat for
them?
>> Yeah, it shouldn't come as a surprise.
They hate this. [laughter] Um, they
have, um, been very vocal since the law
passed at the end of last year that they
think it's a mistake. They think it's
not enforceable. Uh, as Katherine
mentioned, they think it's going to push
people to less safe parts of the
internet. Um, and they think that yes,
it that it's going to be harder on
people who don't users who feel
marginalized. To go back just briefly to
um the issue of of enforcement, I would
just say quickly uh the Australian prime
minister has pointed out well look you
know we have rules that say you have to
be a certain age to consume alcohol or
cigarettes and every weekend or every
however you want to measure it. People
get around those rules. We need to set
this as a norm for our society to give
parents the ability to say look it's
against the law. We as a society have
decided that these platforms can't be
trusted. They're not safe enough for
kids under 16. So yeah, big tech doesn't
like it. Um they have pointed out in in
all of our reporting to us, we have
robust safety measures. Um and
interestingly in responding, some have
even expanded them to other parts of the
world.
>> Yeah. Well, a question for both of you.
Neil, I'll ask it first and Katherine,
I'll toss you next, but you I mean
you've written a lot about how who might
take Australia's lead, right? Who
follows after this. Talk to us a little
bit more about that.
>> It's been one of the really interesting
things in our reporting. um Angus
Whitley and and Sydney and I and and
others have been reporting on this
around the world and in the interim
after the law was passed end of last
year and then coming into the months now
that it's come into force um we sat down
for example with a senior um uh policy
maker in Denmark who said we are really
inspired by Australia and we want to do
this for kids under 15 Austral um
Indonesia has been talking about it
Malaysia Brazil uh various European
countries and interestingly they have
pointed to Australia and saying look
they're breaking new ground. We like
what they're doing and we want to see if
we can do something similar.
>> Uh and Katherine,
>> right, as newly mentioned, you know, the
world is watching and I think that's a
good thing. It really does put Silicon
Valley on notice. And I think one big
takeaway from all of this is that the
status quo is really not tenable. You
know, we we don't need another sort of
devastated parent coming out and and
speaking about, you know, a child lost
to a mental health struggle or or some
harm that stemmed from social media. So,
I think that that's definitely a good
thing.
All right, uh team, thank you so much.
Uh very interesting discussion there.
That was Kathern Thorbeck, our Bloomberg
opinion columnist. Also, our thanks to
Newly Pernell, our tech reporter, on
really talking about the impact this
could have. And certainly, of course,
we're all watching, right, and rooting
for it
>> to see uh whether it works. Uh coming up
though, we're going to talk a bit more
about well, we're going to switch
[music] from social media to maybe more
on the tech side of things here. Talk
about LAR technology. Why not? We're
talking to the maker [music] Seond as
the stock makes its debut in Hong Kong
today. The firm's founder and CEO
[music] Junway Bao joins us next. It's a
dispatch. We'll talk a little bit more
about that. But there you go. Take a
look at how the pricing is today. Looks
like it's a pretty good day for [music]
Sean here. We'll talk about the
competition, what they're seeing in the
LAR space, the EV space in particular.
These are of course the invisible
>> airbags.
>> Airbags as David Lee has always [music]
coined them as well. So, lots to talk
about coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
In some corporate news this morning,
Hong Kong's market watchdog and stock
exchange [music] admonished investment
banks working on IPOs over filing shoddy
and incomplete applications. In a letter
sent to IPO sponsors, [music]
officials noted a decline in the quality
of recent listing applications.
Officials are raising concerns amid
blistering recovery [music] in Hong Kong
listings. SK Highix, meanwhile, says
it's considering a potential listing
[music] on the US stock market using
Treasury shares. The move could close
the valuation gap [music] between the
South Korean chipmaker and US peers,
including Micron. Korean media reported
earlier that SKHEX [music] had received
proposals from several investment banks
to list roughly 17.4 [music] million
shares in the US. All right, let's stay
on theme and one of the trading debuts
today here in Hong Kong, Seon. We're
doing well, I think. 61% first day of
trade. We're trading at 17 uh right now.
Of course, this is a company Neo
supplier, Chinese LAR maker here has
listed here in Hong Kong via a Dspack
transaction. Uh, joining us now here on
set is the founder, the chairman and the
CEO, all in one person if that wasn't
obvious, Dr. Pal Jun Ba. Very nice to
see you and good morning.
Congratulations by the way.
>> Thank you. Nice meeting you.
>> Uh, milestone for the company this week.
>> Yep.
>> What now? What happens now? Next is you
know uh now finally the three major
light company in the world for OEM car
makers you know Sean Han we are all
getting public list in Hong Kong market
it's a great time
>> what what will you be doing with the
proceeds what what's going to be the
next priorities then for you
>> yeah as listed in the in the you know
circular you know we'll be spending most
of the proceeds we uh collect here on
R&D okay LAR still a you know highly
competitive market uh products and a lot
of new technology evolvement moment and
we need to keep investing R&D side keep
you know adopting new technologies and
so that we can meet our customers keep
you know chasing of the higher higher
performance lightars
>> yeah and the we'll talk about the the
the the pursuit of OEMs a bit later on
uh but for view our global viewers who
want to understand what the industry
dynamics are the competitive dynamics
within China how would you describe
competition
>> uh first is highly competitive great
thing is the um OEMs are very very
aggressive and innovative adopting new
technologies. Okay,
>> they view LAR as one of the key
differentiators for them to stand out
you know in tough comp competitive
markets here and in fact also LAR is
offering a great value to help the cars
to be able to see quote unquote the
world around it you know in a more clear
way and in more like diverse
environments. this coming at a time when
the industry is going through a bit of a
slowdown. I mean I talk about the auto
industry where you see when it comes to
car sales and the like the last two
months have seen a softness because
these subsidies are starting to phase
out.
>> Yeah.
>> How how does Seon adapt to this kind of
slowdown in the industry? How are you
navigating around that?
>> Yeah, the general uh you know new new e
market, new energy market is slowing
down. However, the adoption of light
actually is speeding up. you know seeing
the the market size you know we're
seeing like you know over a million
lighters being shipped last year and
this year is well over 2 million units
and next year will be much more this is
partly because of the uh the the
industry's trend in China especially you
know people are seeing LAR and advanced
uh uh driver assist system is getting
more and more recognized as very
valuable
>> this definitely you know uh was kind of
part of it promoted by the leading EV
makers like you know Neo Xpen and Leoto
and Huawei system uh Huawei's many car
many kind of car brands as well and know
consumers are getting better and better
recognizing the value of light in the
system.
>> Yeah, Dr. B, I wanted to bring back one
of your peers David Lee from Hai. We we
have him on quite frequently and he
talked about
>> you know LAR is not just about being a
car part or part of the car industry
>> but there's more about whether it can be
applied in all sorts of sectors. I want
to kind of listen in first on what he
had to say.
>> Sure.
>> Company. We're actually an LAR company
and we build lightars for all different
industries. For example, and if you
think about um the other topic which is
robotics, when we talk about robotics,
it's a completely different industry
with very different ecosystems, but they
sh they share the platform technologies
of the LAR from the ADAS which are we
are super good at at the quality, at
performance and and the cost. So then we
apply that to really many industries.
The robo taxi is a robot truck, last
mile deliveries, lawnmowers and the
service robot, the cleaning robots.
>> So it's not just about cars, right? He
mentioned, you know, you could have one
car, but you could have multiple robots
>> in your life. It how how does Seion then
benefit from this surge, right? Whether
it's humanoid robots or sorts of
technologies that are kind of emerging
in China now. I would say I pretty much
agree with what he's looking into you
know expanding light application into
many other industries in that direction
we are like pretty well aligned on the
on the on the like you know the the next
phase of growth beyond what he's saying
you know we're also seeing LAR can have
a lot of great applications in the in
the infrastructure okay we are seeing
LAR can be you know have a lot of uh
being adopted widely including both
inside China and in other part of world
US and Europe as well for intelligent
transportation systems for like uh you
know uh security, civilian security and
also you know if you can think of the
generalized design defined physical AI
means you know we see LAR as a key
connecting point connecting the digital
world with the physical space
>> digital world is people are training the
models in what they are imagining trying
to make the world better try to
understand the world in digital way
however it need to be corrected or
calibrated with what's happening in the
real world and we seeing LAR because of
his good 3D sensing capability as a very
key channel or connecting point
connecting these two world
>> the you mentioned earlier and I think
it's it this is important for for people
to realize the OEMs are just as an
example of potential applications right
are very open to new technologies right
so even if there is a cyclical slowdown
the industry is growing because it's
just being used in more things
>> are you seeing I think I well I guess I
want to understand whether or not you're
seeing a difference between Chinese OEMs
and foreign OEMs. You mentioned you want
to expand abroad
>> in their appetite to embrace new
technology or is it more just still a
Chinese
>> Chinese player story? I would say you
know uh in the old days you know maybe
like 5 to 10 years ago uh when the
global em are still the leading edge for
atomic driving yeah they were more or
less analyzing the light value or usage
in more like a forward development means
they are analyzing to make lighter
useful for level two especially for
level three systems you need certain
profs and in addition to the lighter
itself because lighter cannot show its
value unless you know it coupled
together with other part of tactical
stack like the the software part, like
the compute part. So they won't have the
whole system ready before they can
really widely adopt LAR. Well, for the
Chinese OEMs, they are more aggressive
like many of our key customers or
competitive key customers like Neo, Leo
Auto, Xiaomi and so on. you know they
try to adopt LAR install the hardware on
the on the certain generation vehicles
even before the software is ready and
they are counting on the OTAA to upgrade
software to get you know uh more
functions in the system and over the
time I think the western OEMs you know
in Europe in in US in other countries as
well they are trying to learn from this
er this part as well but they are still
try to carefully to manage to monitor is
that good way or not but we are seeing I
think they are try to learn to some
extent how the Chinese are doing now.
>> Ivon and I were joking yesterday about
how uh having a a a fridge in the car.
>> Oh, [laughter]
>> uh because I think someone has a fridge
in her car. Uh and the reason I bring
that up is in the case of LAR for
example, the new features in cars.
>> Do you think we're getting close to a
point where Chinese consumers will
demand that any car they buy will have
lighter technology? Are we close to
almost 100%. But penetration at some
point
>> I think we are not far from that. Okay.
>> Yeah. Cuz once people are seeing more
and more value of the lighter that can
offer to the to the consumers to the
user of the cars then they will ask for
it.
>> And somewhere down the road you will see
lighter will be like a you know seat
belt like airbag you know as essential
component of the cars.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> Um you mentioned about global expansion.
Tell us a bit more where can you
increase capacity and what are some of
the plans that you have set in stone?
Yeah, on one hand as I mentioned you
know as more global OEMs adopting
lightars and naturally we'll try to
service them provide product to them in
addition like we talk about you know
light many other applications in in you
know in the industry like for
infrastructure for like you know
industry applications for uh you know
for those kind of applications then we
are seeing you know cuz maybe a little
bit unique compared to other light
makers where we are maybe the only
player that have footprint in both China
and in the US. We actually started in
the US back in 2016 and we still have do
core R&Ds leading edge you know R&Ds and
also supporting our customers using uh
from our office in Sunnyville California
and with that then you know I think we
can know customer better and give
customer more in time support and better
support to the domestic customers over
there.
>> Are you looking to invest more in the US
in any way?
>> Uh yeah we that's part of the proceeds
we plan to expand as well. Okay.
>> And try to build up, you know, a better
support team, commercial team to expand
to the US market and expand our adoption
of light to our customers over there.
>> Okay. Uh Dr. Ba, it's great to have you.
Fantastic. Jim Way Bao there, founder
and chairman and CEO of Seond Holdings.
Now, if you are a subscriber and want to
rewatch that interview, you can watch it
through our interactive TV function,
TVGO. You can also become part of the
conversation by sending us instant
messages. Check it out at TV go.
>> [music]
>> right? uh some of the ashes we're
looking at retail stocks specifically
limit up as you can see in in at least
the case of these three here u this
government push uh to to to boost demand
that's really something to watch not
just today right it will be a a sort of
features going into not just next year
beyond that given that it is of course
boosting consumption uh is a major
feature of the the next the current next
year 5year plan there
>> yep that's one thing to watch there the
retail sector consumption and then we
got to talk about drones Right. I think
CTV had some interesting reports here
talking about uh how China is looking to
tighten its drone control when it comes
to, you know, you have to register. Um
so that's really one thing to watch
here, but you are seeing some of these
drone stocks are actually doing quite
well.
>> Yeah. It's not just flying a kite,
right? It's [laughter]
get the get the necessary permits and
licenses. Uh okay. Uh the Vanc
um one of the specific one of the bonds
is moving up right now. It halted
because it had moved to the upside, but
this is a story that we keep giving. it
it will and we're looking to see if we
can get any sort of indication of where
creditors are when [music] it comes to
this sort of bond extension that they're
seeking and whether we get that 90%
approval. That's the number to watch
here this afternoon and and beyond.
That's it for [music] us here on the
China show.